README.md, before:


# 📰 The Intercept

**The Intercept** is a modern digital newspaper platform that delivers the latest news articles, top stories, and multimedia content. It features a responsive design, user accounts, and optimized performance for a seamless reading experience.



## 🌐 Live Demo
[Visit Live Site]((https://assigment-12-client.web.app/))





## ✨ Features

- 🗞️ **Latest News:** Continuously updated feed of the newest articles.
- 🔥 **Top Stories:** Highlights breaking and trending news.
- 📬 **Newsletters:** Subscription options for daily or weekly updates.
- 📱 **Responsive Design:** Works smoothly on all devices.
- 🔍 **Search Bar:** Quickly find specific articles or topics.
- 👤 **User Accounts:** Create profiles, save articles, and receive personalized content.
- 🧩 **Clean Layout:** Balanced mix of text, images, and whitespace.
- ⚡ **Fast Loading:** Optimized performance for quick access to content.



## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React.js
- **Styling:** CSS / TailwindCSS 
- **Backend:** Node.js / Express.js 
- **Database:** MongoDB (if applicable)
- **Hosting:** Vercel / Netlify 




Admin email:noha@gmail.com

Password:123456Qa@

Admin Name:Mohanie

## npm packages

react-countup

 react-google-chart
 
 react-select
 
 react-hook-form
 
## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/NahiyaNasir/The-Intercept.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd The Intercept
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run start
```


## Deployment

To deploy this project run

```bash
  npm run build
```

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated information
Updated README with live demo link, admin access info, and installation instructions.

README.md, after:


# 📰 The Intercept

**The Intercept** is a modern digital newspaper platform that delivers the latest news articles, top stories, and multimedia content. It features a responsive design, user accounts, and optimized performance for a seamless reading experience.



## 🌐 Live Demo
[Visit Live Site](https://assigment-12-client.web.app/)






## ✨ Features

- 🗞️ **Latest News:** Continuously updated feed of the newest articles.
- 🔥 **Top Stories:** Highlights breaking and trending news.
- 📬 **Newsletters:** Subscription options for daily or weekly updates.
- 📱 **Responsive Design:** Works smoothly on all devices.
- 🔍 **Search Bar:** Quickly find specific articles or topics.
- 👤 **User Accounts:** Create profiles, save articles, and receive personalized content.
- 🧩 **Clean Layout:** Balanced mix of text, images, and whitespace.
- ⚡ **Fast Loading:** Optimized performance for quick access to content.



## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** React.js
- **Styling:** CSS / TailwindCSS 
- **Backend:** Node.js / Express.js 
- **Database:** MongoDB (if applicable)
- **Hosting:** Vercel / Netlify 




## 🔐 Admin Access (for demo)

Use the following demo credentials to explore admin features:

- **Email:** demo@example.com  
- **Password:** demo123



## npm packages

react-countup

 react-google-chart
 
 react-select
 
 react-hook-form
 
## ⚙️ Installation & Setup

To run this project locally:

```bash
# 1. Clone the repository
git clone  https://github.com/NahiyaNasir/The-Intercept
cd the-intercept

# 2. Install dependencies
npm install

# 3. Start the development server
npm start
```bash
  npm run start
```


## Deployment

To deploy this project run

```bash
  npm run build
```
